List: https://www.moxfield.com/decks/ADg8rpZL3ESY5SPgn_utCA

Original list that gave me this idea: https://mtgtop8.com/event?e=52269&d=588099&f=PAU

r1 gardens 2-0
long grindy game. Play it slow, hold up the Guardian and 2 tithing blades forever.
After they blow up the crypt rats which kill 2 of their own plants, the blades start cleaning up.
Snuff outs make it impossible to steal back the initiative, but guess what, at 12 life, on turn 10+ you are not safe from guardian of the guilpact.

r2 uw glitters 0-2 (? or was it 1-2?)
game 1 we both mulligan, I was down to 3 cards (saw 6 lands in the first hand then no lands whatsoever in the 6,5,4), opponent started with 5.
It took a while, but Gingerbrute with glitters #2 was enough. I kept 2 lands and Dawnbringer which did really well against their start.
I lost the last game to a very slow Gingerbrute beats, after clogging the ground enough. Of course the moment I was turning the corner, Glitters shows up and I die in a single swing

r3 Goblins Combo 2-0
G1 i cant figure out on what they are early enough, and they just combo on turn 5. Well, when I say they combo, they get infinite mana, brick and die shortly after.
G2 makes me keep around some removal to try and slow them, and yet again, they get infinite mana through my removal and cant do anything. 
They end up dying to a 14 power arboreal grazer after having attack with all their creatures

r4 tie against jeskai ephemerate 1-1-1
G1 they have it all, draw all their cards and I die. A flipped tithing blade did like 7 damage, not enough though
G2 Guardian of the guildpact carried
G3 We both misplay and I die to 2x 6/6s flying indestructible lands. We call a Judge, and the proposed solution was to re-do the 3rd game
We start the repeat of G3, and have no time

r5 boros synth 0-2
g1 why do they have so many cards all the time?
g2 same thing, and I somehow managed to have both Suffocating Fumes and Smash to Dust in hand, which could wipe their board if I had the double black + red and 8 mana total.
I decided to use one Suffocating fumes to kill the goblin tokens and swing for 8 or so.
I die in the backswing due to Rites of Initiation to make it lethal. The plan was to kill the 4-5 thraben inspectors and the hawk in the following turn, but now I know to not wait. The sideboard really needs Arms of Hadar...

Overperformers: Guardian, Cast Down, Kor skyfisher, Gatecreeper Vine (for the ETB)
Underperformers: Arboreal Grazer, 2nd Suffocating fumes (should be arms of hadar), revoke existence (more instant speed exile/destroy), deadly dispute

The deck felt awful the entire way through, out card-advantaged by everyone except affinity, some completely dead draws and somehow Too tight on mana, almost all lands come tapped.
 Awkward hands with 2 basilisk gates or Basilisk+Heap gate (hard/impossible to cast stuff, pump and hold interaction. Even simple things like pump and dispute in response to removal was basically impossible. I now see why the original lists had village rites instead, as well as 1 mana removal -> Vendetta). 

