### The story of M and L, the barista dwarf, rabid squirrels and the red dragon
Decks Played: Arena Starter Kit 2021 (see: [StarterDecks](../StarterDecks.md) )


The two mages knew the duel was drawing to a close. This has been a long duel, M has the enraged squirrels, powered by all the forests that he now controls, and the bloodsucking wraith, slowly draining away at L's life.


After a successful attack, M has a tough decision. He knows the magic that L is capable off, he has read those spells before. Aware of how close to defeated he is, he reckons that if L gets the red dragon involved, the blood drain from his wraith keeps him barely alive, but the barista midget will coffee up that dragon, and in a rage of flame of caffeine, M is aware that he will be defeated. 


He doesn't know which tricks L has up its sleeve, but seeing the serpent and the dwarf, he makes a pact with a demon.


" That should hold down the serpent at least "

His choice made, the deal with the demon signed, he lets L make his move.

L consults with his advisors, and no sighting of the dragon. The only news was a report that his minions have now taken over a mountain in the far east, which once was infested by orcs. That can now be mined for resources. L is aware that the serpent and dwarf are not enough to take down the demon and he is doomed.

L thanks M for the nice duel, accepting defeat. Both had fun, and this was good practice. The oversighting wizard interrupts the young ones: "the resources from this mountain are enough for you to win". L is puzzled, M is puzzled, they dont see how.

Unaware of the powers of his serpent, L failed to realize that it can open teleporting wormholes, directly behind M, avoiding the newly summoned demon. With the extra resources, the portal that the serpent now opens is larger and can fit more that the scaly monster.

The serpent opens the portal, large enough for itself and for the dwarf to fit in. The goat doesnt want to be even close enough to the serpent and runs away with a "Baaah".

On the other end, M listens to a faint "Baaah", and looks around the edge of his fortress. Maybe some peasant let a goat loose??

Before he realizes, a sharp pain hits is leg, he is now bitten by L's serpent, and a small stab on his side, from a half-sized assassin.

M uses his last spell: retreat. He teleports away, to tend to his wound. Defeat for today, but this was an interesting duel. 
He starts brewing a potion to remove the serpent poises, and removes the small metal object lodged on his side.

"A spoon ???...., did I get defeated by a spoon??", M asks himself. The wound looks clean enough, so he tends to it, and inspects this metalic object. Dwarven runes in the handle, he has an old book that details that ancient language.

M gets his assistant to fetch the tome, and lies down to recover, the antidote for the leg will take a while. After a quick nap, he starts translating the text from the dwarven artifact. It doesn't make any sense..... "Ride the Goat Brewery"????

To be continued :) 