### Note:
Yes, there is no (real) entry from the September edition. Others can edit if they want, all welcome.

# Fresh Blood and a Taste of Power (part 2)
Decks Played (Pauper):
- UW Affinity
- Mono Red Burn
- Mono U Terror
- Bogles
- Mono B Control
- TortEx (BG grind graveyard toolbox)
- UW Familiars

## Fresh Blood
The circle grows, for a split second up to 6 Wizards were gathered, but the blood god demanded their claims, and one of us was sacrificed in name of more spells for the others to play (including some shiny things, oh yes, the shinies... I must have been a magpie in a previous life). Better luck next time, may he not be sacrificed again to the blood gods for our enjoyment.

For most of the evening, there was a conglomerate of 5, welcoming J to the gang and spell-slinging fun. It was decided that teaming up was the most efficient way for us all to learn quickly, sharing ideas, invocations, duel strategy. 

An arrangement of 3 against 2 was decided, and that is where we started. The robot overlords with all of their machina against the tree-covered swamp dwelling necromancers of old age. True to their name, the machines showed how quickly they could self-assemble, in a display of each cog discounting and boosting the others. The death and rot necromancers were more than happy to watch, while ever constantly digging deeper, "we need to find that frog", they said. Never fully content on having a graveyard with a plethora of freshly disposed bodies, including some nice Satyr legs here, a dead Triton, drowned in the murky water full of filth, a few zombie parts, all could prove useful for some later re-use. The brown-scaled reptile provide to be a favorite to keep throwing in an out of the bog. The elusive fungi-covered frog was nowhere to be found.

Enough fermentation, and the brown scales of the creature provide some healing abilities in a stinky, thickly syrup that the necromancers enjoyed, much to the metalic-loving-wizards disgust. 

For a while, a staring contest was engaged. Some of the largest Metallic Enforcers and their large army of friends, stopped by the deadly necromass that was enough of a foe to scare them. Only the ginger-cookies were able to attack, too fast for the undead and barely living to stop.

## A Taste of Power


Join us on the next episode to find out :)