# Fresh Blood and a Taste of Power
Decks Played:
- Arena Starter Decks 2022
- Standard challenger Decks 2020


## Fresh Blood
A new wizard joined the fray, entering for some quick duels. A short introduction on magic wielding, the good manners at play and off we were.  

Refreshments and supplies on order, the battles for the day begun. Many a zombies that kept calling for friends were slain, but the true power of the zombie was when driving the mecha.  

These crewable bots proved troublesome, ever vigilance, always ready to attack and defend, provided a pilot was nearby. There was a sight of one empower by a wity fox samurai and being driven by a Vampire Cleric.

On the other side, plenty of large Vampire knights were to be seen, dominating the battlefield purely with their large size. They seemed to only be felled by a mystical ephemeral serpent magic that quickly washed away. 

A chainsaw weilding elf was also spotted, ready to clear the highways between the skyscrapers of any pesky angel or Spirit that tried to circumvent the land battles beneath.


## A Taste of Power
On the other end of town, after a small warm up, a more dangerous duel was about to begin. Sharper blades, ready to strike. With the training wheels off, M could taste what a real weapon felt like.  

This blade is a fickle mistress, ready to cut both friend and foe. It quickly showed the respect it demanded, and how nimble it could feel on experienced hands. At the same time, such speed meant that the young mage could hardly keep it where intended.  

After a few quick strikes, the old wizard was clearly overpowered. His chopsticks were no match for the weapon he was facing and the powers it gave its user. All of his minions were now mindslaved, from an arcane spell in the depths of the gems in the blades hilt. Defeat soon followed and off they went to try other weaponry.

An old staff, that only reacted when the opponent moved proved to be too much too soon for M, it felt too heavy and unweildy. The old mage knew all the tricks of such a tool, and was ready to parry them, redirecting the impetus back at M. After a long duel where many a wolf felt the wrath of thunder, the grey wizard had the upper hand.  



Afterwards, chaos ensued. The four wizards jumbled all the magic marbles, rolled the die and got new spellbooks to play with. A few minutes to study their new powers and off they went, the battles cut short due to time constraints.  

Goodbyes exchanged, off they want, with a promise of more to come. What's next? Jumbled magic marbles? Will they try and employ magical commanders, lieutenants in the ground? Or will they battle it out with only the most common of spells, in a show of how to flurry usual spells and combine them to great effect?  

Join us on the next episode to find out :)