A take where there is less emphasis in the TurboNecromass plan, and focusing on T2 Exhume.  
Ardent Elementalist can be added to recur the Urborg Repossession.

### Gameplan
With less focus on Turbo-ing out the Necromass, and no Gates Package to make any creature lethal, the deck attacks on 2 angles, while having a much faster manabase with very few tap lands (even the 2nd haunted mire is debateable).

Turn 1 we can aim to either landcycle to prep an exhume, or drop tortex. That gets us 11 realistic t1 plays (78% odds to have either a tortex or a lancycler in hand).

On turn 2, we can either go for the 2-drop creatures (note that the 4 satyr wayfinder are part of the reason for 4 ents and 3 trolls and not the opposite. We want the basic forest if we aim ro play a T2 satyr) or exhume the large beater. If we exhume, the body of the ent is better in the current meta, harder for burn to kill and eats the Terror/serpent instead of trading.

In total, we have 15 2-drops, which should get us a turn 2 play quite consistently. 


## The elephant in the room
62 cards... yeah... don't do this. I have for a very long time been ok with 61, in some decks the mana ratios feel weird, and especially in toolbox decks (think pod, Melira CoCo, etc). Not the case here TBH. The deck should go down to likely 60 or 61 cards, but I dont want to cut too much on the "silver bullets". That means that it is likely the 3rd Mutt, 4th stinkweed, 2nd Scrabler,the 3rd necromass, or the Eccentric Farmer.  
T2 mutt discarding and dredging a Stinkweed feels awesome though :/

### The "not so sure" slots
Only 2 urborg reposession.... I know it's slow, but...  
5 Reanimation feels too high, but want to maximize the T2 ent potential.  
2nd grave scrabbler VS kitchen imp VS Ardent Elementalist vs white 3-5 drops that buys back tortEx
3 Necromass (i dont know if I want more or less)
Single Eccentric Farmer and no recursive 1-drop might mean low recursion in later games? It connects to the 2nd Grave Scrabbler slot
Maybe cuts: down to 2 scrapwork mutt, 3 stinkweed, 1 grave scrabbler (kinda connected with the Mutts)


# Decklist
    4 tortured existence
    2 urborg repossession
    4 exhume
    1 dread return
    ------ 11 non creature spells

    1 spore frog

    4 satyr wayfinder
    4 mire triton
    3 scrapwork mutt

    4 stinkweed imp
    2 golgari brownscale
    1 crypt rats
    1 eccentric farmer
    
    2 grave scrabbler
    
    3 writhing necromass
    1 lotleth giant

    --------------- 23 land sources
    3 troll of khazad-dum
    4 generous ent
    ----- 33 creatures

    ------ 18 lands
    1 geothermal bog
    1 wooded ridgeline
    2 haunted mire
    2 forest
    12 swamp

## SB
    1 custodi squire/master skald/ disciple of the sun
    1 ardent elementalist/revolutionist (instead of the white recursion??)
    1 battlefield scrounger
    1 clay revenant ( sanitarium skeleton but friendly with bargain)
    1 troublemake ouphe
    1 rowan's grim search (feels like a better card than commune with the gods)
    1 blood fountain (makes a blood for the Madness cards, Bargain fodder if needed and GY recursion)