A take where there is less emphasis in the TurboNecromass plan, and focusing on T2 Exhume.  
Ardent Elementalist can be added to recur the Urborg Repossession.

### Gameplan
With less focus on Turbo-ing out the Necromass, and no Gates Package to make any creature lethal, the deck attacks on 2 angles, while having a much faster manabase with very few tap lands (even the 2nd haunted mire is debateable).

Turn 1 we can aim to either landcycle to prep an exhume, or drop tortex. That gets us 11 realistic t1 plays (78% odds to have either a tortex or a lancycler in hand).

On turn 2, we can either go for the 2-drop creatures (note that the 4 satyr wayfinder are part of the reason for 4 ents and 3 trolls and not the opposite. We want the basic forest if we aim ro play a T2 satyr) or exhume the large beater. If we exhume, the body of the ent is better in the current meta, harder for burn to kill and eats the Terror/serpent instead of trading.

In total, we have 14 2-drops, which should get us a turn 2 play quite consistently. 

# Decklist
    4 tortured existence
    2 urborg repossession
    4 exhume
    1 dread return
   

    1 spore frog

    4 satyr wayfinder
    4 mire triton
    2 scrapwork mutt

    3 stinkweed imp
    2 golgari brownscale
    1 crypt rats
    1 eccentric farmer
    
    1 grave scrabbler
    
    3 writhing necromass
    1 lotleth giant

    
    3 troll of khazad-dum
    4 generous ent
    
    2 geothermal bog
    2 wooded ridgeline
    2 haunted mire
    3 forest
    10 swamp

## SB
    1 custodi squire/master skald/ disciple of the sun
    1 ardent elementalist/revolutionist (instead of the white recursion??)
    1 battlefield scrounger
    1 clay revenant ( sanitarium skeleton but friendly with bargain)
    1 troublemake ouphe
    1 rowan's grim search (feels like a better card than commune with the gods)
    1 blood fountain (makes a blood for the Madness cards, Bargain fodder if needed and GY recursion)